---
title: 'Technical Details'
icon: 'line-md:clipboard'
description: 'Technical details of Nuxtbe'
---

# Technical Details
Let's explore the key tools and libraries that power Nuxtbe, and understand the rationale behind our technology choices.

## Technical Details

Let's dive into the technical details of Nuxtbe.

The kit was built with **Nuxt Framework**. Which means that it utilizes Nuxt's capabilities to build a robust and scalable application. Also it utilizes remarkable **Nuxt modules** to add additional features to the boilerplate:
- **Icons**: Icon module for Nuxt with 200,000+ ready to use icons from Iconify.
- **Color Mode**: Dark and Light mode for Nuxt with auto detection.
- **SEO**: The complete SEO solution for Nuxt.
- **TailwindCSS** and **Shadcn**: Styling and UI components.
- **VueUse** and **VueUse Motion**: Collection of essential Vue Composition Utilities for Vue.
- **FormKit Auto Animate**: Automatic animations for your Nuxt app with a single line of code.
- **Supabase**: First class integration with Supabase. Handles authentication, database and real-time data.
- **Stripe**: This Nuxt module provides an easy way to integrate Stripe in your Nuxt application, both on the client-side and server-side.
- **Fonts**: Plug-and-play web font optimization and configuration for Nuxt apps.
- **Image**: Optimised images for Nuxt, with progressive processing, lazy-loading, real-time resizes and providers support.
- **Content**: Nuxt Content reads the content/ directory in your project, parses .md, .yml, .csv or .json files and creates a powerful data layer for your application.
- **Vee Validate** with **Zod**: Runtime form validation for Vue.js with Zod.

Except **Nuxt modules** there are some other libraries and tools that are used in the boilerplate:
- **Resend**: Email integration for sending emails, building audience and sending newsletters.
- **LemonSqueezy**: Subscription management and billing.
- **GitHub**: GitHub integration for inviting users to the GitHub repository.
- **VeeValidate**: Runtime form validation for Vue.js.
- **Zod**: Type safety for JavaScript.
- **Shadcn/UI**: UI components for Nuxt.
